Words and/or Names

---------------------

tʃatʃ | Cac
fɪg | Fig
gakfarɲɪtʃ | Gakfarñic
ɪbsragag | Ibsragag
gazgɪð | Gazgið
gagmablag | Gagmablag
rartʃak | Rarcak
ratraðkatʃ | Ratraðkac
naʒtʃatʃga | Najhcacga
karnarsrɛd | Karnarsred
tʃatʃfafɛg | Cacfafeg
tʃatʃ | Cac
bʊvtʃa | Buvca
gadʒal | Gajal
ɲassʊg | Ñassug
iəgfaðmadʒ | Iagfaðmaj
gaggakgʊg | Gaggakgug
matʃag | Macag
ɲadnag | Ñadnag
ðoð | Ðoð
tʃaszabgras | Caszabgras
rargag | Rargag
radgaʒtʃa | Radgajhca
gaggʊn | Gaggun
ɪrgað | Irgað
gagrattʃak | Gagratcak
garðaglar | Garðaglar
godgaa | Godgaa
ðagɲaktʃak | Ðagñakcak
ɲʊrba | Ñurba
razaʒgog | Razajhgog
aʒgogsar | Ajhgogsar
tʃriəbal | Criabal
aðgaf | Aðgaf
niəɲɲak | Niaññak
sɪfgranlag | Sifgranlag
hɪdtʃasdal | Hidcasdal
mʊg | Mug
daggag | Daggag
pɪbfasfo | Pibfasfo
mag | Mag
satʃgag | Sacgag
ommarras | Ommarras
garrarkag | Garrarkag
gantʃras | Gancras
adtʃanag | Adcanag
graggat | Graggat
kagʊkpoʃ | Kagukposh
bʊð | Buð
nal | Nal
ɪsgargak | Isgargak
sakʒafkal | Sakjhafkal
tʃaðgap | Caðgap
fatʃtʃaðgat | Faccaðgat
kabadkat | Kabadkat
badgaʒvatʃ | Badgajhvac
gɪzgassadʒ | Gizgassaj
gatʃ | Gac
vava | Vava
nʊðab | Nuðab
bag | Bag
bɪdmɪdmatʃ | Bidmidmac
rrartʃatʃsaf | Rrarcacsaf
gargasgag | Gargasgag
rʊslaðgag | Ruslaðgag
ðalgoppah | Ðalgoppah
ɲadaðga | Ñadaðga
gɛstʃaggaf | Gescaggaf
agsɪfab | Agsifab
baɲgasnaʒ | Bañgasnajh
gaðdʒapgʊn | Gaðjapgun
tʃaðgað | Caðgað
sagtag | Sagtag
gaðatʃ | Gaðac
vaz | Vaz
rʊ | Ru
sargafbʊk | Sargafbuk
darsag | Darsag
gadʒaɪr | Gajair
daɪrgʊp | Dairgup
vazkatʃtʃɪʒ | Vazkaccijh
taftʃagmaɲ | Tafcagmañ
gað | Gað
tʃað | Cað
gavradlað | Gavradlað
gas | Gas
ɲamvasgɪg | Ñamvasgig
arɪdʒ | Arij
gatʃɲaraɲ | Gacñarañ
tʃaltʃag | Calcag
ragaʃrʊd | Ragashrud
orfaɲtʃa | Orfañca
tʃagɪgag | Cagigag
dʒʊtʃtʃabgak | Juccabgak
tʃaðzag | Caðzag
nangað | Nangað
sɪsɛfak | Sisefak
kagtʃʊr | Kagcur
gʊgar | Gugar
ɲiəsgagatʃ | Ñiasgagac

--------------------

Syllables
----------
sak | Gag
gat | Najh
pal | Kar
ɛf | San
vɛ | Fak
tap | Cag
ɲag | Kag
gaz | Gaz
tʃar | Cag
tʃað | Gac
gaɲ | Ða
fas | Ñug
dɪk | Ðas
gað | Sag
far | Piv
matʃ | Gag
rad | Ga
ɲɪm | Gañ
tʃatʃ | Að
rat | Bid
ðɪg | Ap
ɲaʒ | Vif
radʒ | Fað
koð | Jhag
nan | Gas
ag | Jac
da | Gak
hag | Gap
gatʃ | Zag
gag | Rab
gam | Lað
ag | Gak
gar | Cak
kap | Ñur
tʃag | Crav
gɪg | Cað
gʊm | Ga
aɲ | A
saf | Gab
log | Nag
ɲag | Za
gar | Gag
sag | Mac
ðam | Ar
af | Ral
dar | Cac
ar | Dam
gas | Gag
mʊn | La
gʊt | Rat
gag | Cið
gaz | Bag
gʊs | Fag
sadʒ | Ðag
mað | Jap
gaʃ | Cijh
lɪs | Rað
tʃag | Gag
gav | Fajh
los | Að
tʃar | Ak
sag | Cig
ðab | Mug
fas | As
tʃag | Ðið
gag | Ñad
nad | Gað
fatʃ | Cras
vad | Gug
tʃaɲ | Vañ
gad | As
vaz | Rag
da | Gaj
ðar | Ad
gɛ | Jog
gog | Jhiaf
saf | Vam
gɪg | Sar
laf | Kad
gʊ | Mab
atʃ | Rag
ɲɪtʃ | Ga
tʃa | Maz
ad | Jar
as | Gog
gaʒ | Vac
tʃaf | Gar
að | Tac
vaz | Is
fag | Pi
gos | Gað
saf | Diag
gɪz | Ga
baɲ | Ap
gaɲ | Zag
grɪh | Ðan
ras | Gag
ga | Ac
ratʃ | Ud
laz | Ajh
gag | Dak
naʒ | Mac
kar | Kað
san | Ja
fak | Rag
tʃag | Kar
kag | Sad
gaz | Gras
tʃag | Sas
gatʃ | Cad
ða | Bad
ɲʊg | Fak
ðas | Kruc
sag | Cash
pɪv | Ij
gag | As
ga | Gi
gaɲ | Gag
að | A
bɪd | Jhiar
ap | Shig
vɪf | Pag
fað | Rag
ʒag | Gij
gas | Fað
dʒatʃ | Dub
gak | Raf
gap | Fag
zag | Sag
rab | Ga
lað | Ash
gak | Mað
tʃak | Rag
ɲʊr | Ac
tʃrav | Dac
tʃað | Kag
ga | Gag
a | Sas
gab | Gig
nag | Gaf
za | Gak
gag | Dag
matʃ | Cac
ar | Ab
ral | Vac
tʃatʃ | Maj
dam | Giv
gag | Os
la | Ir
rat | Gar
tʃɪð | Ðus
bag | Sag
fag | Rug
ðag | Gak
dʒap | Gaz
tʃɪʒ | Jhar
rað | Saj
gag | Mug
faʒ | Ca
að | Var
ak | Daj
tʃɪg | Kac
mʊg | Sim
as | Að
ðɪð | Gig
ɲad | Ha
gað | Fag
tʃras | Sañ
gʊg | Bam
vaɲ | Ðad
as | Vas
rag | Ðal
gadʒ | Mar
ad | Gað
dʒog | Dijh
ʒiəf | Gac
vam | Gag
sar | Lal
kad | Gab
mab | Coc
rag | Sif
ga | Ur
maz | Kag
dʒar | Hoð
gog | Kur
vatʃ | Gajh
gar | Cab
tatʃ | Fad
ɪs | Cad
pɪ | Gag
gað | Giak
diəg | Rañ
ga | Ac
ap | Ga
zag | Að
ðan | Al
gag | Gað
atʃ | Ca
ʊd | Fag
aʒ | Kaj
dak | Rag
matʃ | Bañ
kað | Kað
dʒa | Gag
rag | Su
kar | Rar
sad | Al
gras | Ga
sas | Gag
tʃad | Bam
bad | Daf
fak | Giñ
krʊtʃ | Ba
tʃaʃ | Faf
ɪdʒ | Gag
as | Buð
gɪ | Rab
gag | Kag
a | Cak
ʒiər | Jac
ʃɪg | Sac
pag | Kar
rag | Rog
gɪdʒ | Re
fað | Mac
dʊb | Cak
raf | Ða
fag | Cik
sag | Ñias
ga | Ab
aʃ | Far
mað | Rak
rag | Ar
atʃ | Dar
datʃ | Ca
kag | Kal
gag | Ac
sas | Gan
gɪg | Gag
gaf | Lag
gak | Las
dag | Cur
tʃatʃ | Car
ab | Sa
vatʃ | Jeg
madʒ | Zid
gɪv | Rar
os | Gash
ɪr | Cac
gar | Gan
ðʊs | Car
sag | Hrað
rʊg | Cag
gak | Ga
gaz | Fa
ʒar | Gov
sadʒ | Gam
mʊg | Dag
tʃa | Gap
var | Mad
dadʒ | Ir
katʃ | Rañ
sɪm | Cag
að | Rar
gɪg | Pañ
ha | Ga
fag | Va
saɲ | Ðag
bam | Gag
ðad | Gið
vas | Drajh
ðal | Cac
mar | Ag
gað | Gab
dɪʒ | Jað
gatʃ | Juc
gag | Dom
lal | Rum
gab | Cag
tʃotʃ | Nad
sɪf | Mid
ʊr | Gas
kag | Ca
hoð | Gañ
kʊr | Ma
gaʒ | Cað
tʃab | Grag
fad | Fið
tʃad | Ras
gag | Bac
giək | Uk
raɲ | Dið
atʃ | Fac
ga | Gaf
að | Ra
al | Ra
gað | Ag
tʃa | Vak
fag | Paj
kadʒ | Ðab
rag | Va
baɲ | Mac
kað | Mir
gag | Gar
sʊ | Gar
rar | Añ
al | Mar
ga | Kac
gag | Ap
bam | Gig
daf | Gig
gɪɲ | Af
ba | Ab
faf | Cav
gag | Rag
bʊð | Caf
rab | Ca
kag | Gað
tʃak | Cag
dʒatʃ | Rad
satʃ | Ñag
kar | Gag
rog | Lað
rɛ | Gað
matʃ | Jhaf
tʃak | Sajh
ða | Vac
tʃɪk | Dag
ɲiəs | Gig
ab | Cab
far | Gat
rak | Lah
ar | A
dar | Guð
tʃa | Sac
kal | Gac
atʃ | Sus
gan | Vag
gag | Gog
lag | Va
las | Daf
tʃʊr | Ra
tʃar | Av
sa | Ag
dʒɛg | Rim
zɪd | Gas
rar | Ga
gaʃ | Kat
tʃatʃ | Ga
gan | Car
tʃar | Vak
hrað | I
tʃag | Gag
ga | Gog
fa | Gag
gov | Guk
gam | Añ
dag | Gan
gap | Kal
mad | Guñ
ɪr | Jag
raɲ | If
tʃag | Gash
rar | Cað
paɲ | Ðic
ga | Lag
va | Cug
ðag | Lav
gag | A
gɪð | Gap
draʒ | Cag
tʃatʃ | Gac
ag | Ka
gab | Mak
dʒað | Bud
dʒʊtʃ | Ðom
dom | Gak
rʊm | Ib
tʃag | Jhap
nad | Lag
mɪd | Gam
gas | Að
tʃa | Gar
gaɲ | Ðag
ma | Fo
tʃað | Gam
grag | Am
fɪð | Sag
ras | Gajh
batʃ | Ðag
ʊk | Nar
dɪð | Ðuð
fatʃ | Ag
gaf | Hac
ra | Nag
ra | Fañ
ag | Ca
vak | Sra
padʒ | Zrad
ðab | Gað
va | Ram
matʃ | San
mɪr | Fas
gar | Sac
gar | Can
aɲ | Gaj
mar | Civ
katʃ | Gag
ap | Mað
gɪg | Ab
gɪg | Nad
af | Ral
ab | Cijh
tʃav | Lag
rag | Coc
tʃaf | Ðac
tʃa | Sar
gað | Bak
tʃag | Rag
rad | Ir
ɲag | Dal
gag | Gag
lað | Mac
gað | Ag
ʒaf | Duð
saʒ | Dah
vatʃ | Nar
dag | Gav
gɪg | Tag
tʃab | Dag
gat | Lag
lah | Mag
a | God
gʊð | Rad
satʃ | Naz
gatʃ | Ac
sʊs | Gan
vag | Jag
gog | Ca
va | Gas
daf | Cag
ra | Ðag
av | Ñam
ag | Dal
rɪm | Gah
gas | Dak
ga | Gag
kat | Kam
ga | Gag
tʃar | Gag
vak | Raf
ɪ | Mit
gag | Ðoc
gog | Ða
gag | Ñag
gʊk | Buk
aɲ | Gað
gan | Cac
kal | Sad
gʊɲ | Ðag
dʒag | Gac
ɪf | Rrig
gaʃ | Mas
tʃað | Gaf
ðɪtʃ | Bajh
lag | Kað
tʃʊg | Dak
lav | Gas
a | Mad
gap | Ra
tʃag | Jhar
gatʃ | Gar
ka | Gog
mak | Graz
bʊd | Ðam
ðom | Lag
gak | Ag
ɪb | Rac
ʒap | Vap
lag | Gac
gam | Cac
að | Að
gar | Gar
ðag | Ðac
fo | Id
gam | Ca
am | Gu
sag | Gar
gaʒ | Ac
ðag | Ñag
nar | Rað
ðʊð | Uk
ag | Gajh
hatʃ | At
nag | Cug
faɲ | Gog
tʃa | Ðag
sra | Ab
zrad | Gar
gað | Fig
ram | Lav
san | Gac
fas | Mis
satʃ | Ga
tʃan | Naz
gadʒ | Maz
tʃɪv | Ad
gag | Gab
mað | Gig
ab | Rak
nad | Caf
ral | Ad
tʃɪʒ | Hid
lag | Gig
tʃotʃ | Zað
ðatʃ | Gog
sar | Grap
bak | Car
rag | Ag
ɪr | Ga
dal | Gaj
gag | Cañ
matʃ | Bog
ag | Peð
dʊð | Can
dah | Ca
nar | Ar
gav | Ðap
tag | Ag
dag | Dag
lag | Ciaf
mag | Sag
god | Lu
rad | Ap
naz | Gaf
atʃ | Sað
gan | Ran
dʒag | Gav
tʃa | Ac
gas | Rav
tʃag | Pak
ðag | Ga
ɲam | Zim
dal | Gab
gah | Gab
dak | Vag
gag | Ac
kam | Vac
gag | Rin
gag | Gaf
raf | Gag
mɪt | Can
ðotʃ | Gaf
ða | Ñeð
ɲag | Lap
bʊk | Fag
gað | Se
tʃatʃ | Ras
sad | Cam
ðag | Gas
gatʃ | Gaf
rrɪg | Jha
mas | Bal
gaf | Gað
baʒ | Að
kað | Mañ
dak | Ca
gas | Cash
mad | Gac
ra | Kag
ʒar | Vaz
gar | Ges
gog | Ðan
graz | Gat
ðam | Lrav
lag | Cac
ag | Gag
ratʃ | Gag
vap | Ðag
gatʃ | Cað
tʃatʃ | Mar
að | Vap
gar | Ag
ðatʃ | Fah
ɪd | Ðas
tʃa | Zak
gʊ | Cak
gar | Riv
atʃ | Gað
ɲag | Gac
rað | Gas
ʊk | Cað
gaʒ | Gor
at | Gal
tʃʊg | Nal
gog | Cria
ðag | O
ab | Gan
gar | Gaf
fɪg | Ash
lav | Ri
gatʃ | Naz
mɪs | Að
ga | Hav
naz | Gag
maz | Gap
ad | Nuð
gab | Gað
gɪg | Jig
rak | Ga
tʃaf | Rak
ad | Ñak
hɪd | Ðrag
gɪg | Sar
zað | Gag
gog | Raf
grap | Bar
tʃar | Mag
ag | Rañ
ga | Caf
gadʒ | Gag
tʃaɲ | Pad
bog | Ðoð
pɛð | Guð
tʃan | Ñar
tʃa | Bag
ar | Shash
ðap | Ah
ag | Cañ
dag | Tag
tʃiəf | Gag
sag | Cam
lʊ | Gas
ap | Gaz
gaf | Pib
sað | Bad
ran | Gup
gav | Cac
atʃ | Rat
rav | Ciad
pak | Ac
ga | Ðak
zɪm | Sug
gab | Cag
gab | Ad
vag | Gran
atʃ | As
vatʃ | Añ
rɪn | Gað
gaf | Ra
gag | Ag
tʃan | Gac
gaf | Ñas
ɲɛð | Posh
lap | Gi
fag | Rac
sɛ | Rar
ras | Gug
tʃam | Pah
gas | Fob
gaf | Nat
ʒa | Ak
bal | Mag
gað | Gar
að | Buv
maɲ | Gam
tʃa | Raz
tʃaʃ | Ga
gatʃ | Gan
kag | Gan
vaz | Sag
gɛs | Kac
ðan | Cac
gat | Gac
lrav | Fan
tʃatʃ | Sar
gag | Ðus
gag | Cag
ðag | Shag
tʃað | Gaj
mar | Can
vap | Di
ag | Rif
fah | Ja
ðas | Par
zak | Sa
tʃak | Har
rɪv | Gaf
gað | Iag
gatʃ | Ñak
gas | Ag
tʃað | Dañ
gor | Rat
gal | Taf
nal | Dað
tʃriə | Lag
o | Kur
gan | Sred
gaf | Ñad
aʃ | Gir
rɪ | Rac
naz | Nab
að | Gag
hav | Gag
gag | Dak
gap | Cac
nʊð | Gop
gað | Gup
dʒɪg | Rad
ga | Cac
rak | Sa
ɲak | Ra
ðrag | Cak
sar | Gas
gag | Cas
raf | Rus
bar | Muh
mag | Naj
raɲ | Mav
tʃaf | Em
gag | Kug
pad | Ri
ðoð | Kag
gʊð | Ðar
ɲar | Gim
bag | Tað
ʃaʃ | Fag
ah | Gag
tʃaɲ | Ir
tag | Gom
gag | Fom
tʃam | Rud
gas | Ba
gaz | Ruð
pɪb | If
bad | No
gʊp | Fag
tʃatʃ | Gal
rat | Ri
tʃiəd | Rañ
atʃ | Gab
ðak | Lal
sʊg | Gaj
tʃag | Saz
ad | Jhag
gran | Shiv
as | Cal
aɲ | Ðag
gað | Gag
ra | Grag
ag | Ca
gatʃ | Cag
ɲas | Liap
poʃ | Gaf
gɪ | Ðar
ratʃ | Fas
rar | Ða
gʊg | Coc
pah | Si
fob | Kað
nat | Gag
ak | A
mag | Ðag
gar | Ac
bʊv | Ñuz
gam | Af
raz | Ac
ga | Rad
gan | Ag
gan | Shab
sag | Ag
katʃ | Sag
tʃatʃ | Lar
gatʃ | Kac
fan | Mab
sar | Ñis
ðʊs | Ag
tʃag | Ac
ʃag | Graj
gadʒ | Ðig
tʃan | Gað
dɪ | Ðag
rɪf | Rak
dʒa | Gur
par | Gag
sa | Gug
har | Rujh
gaf | Or
iəg | Cað
ɲak | Rag
ag | Ad
daɲ | Gaz
rat | Lag
taf | Fad
dað | Nag
lag | Dad
kʊr | Faf
srɛd | Ga
ɲad | Ca
gɪr | Kak
ratʃ | Zab
nab | Baf
gag | Dag
gag | Gað
dak | Ðag
tʃatʃ | Ja
gop | Að
gʊp | Mañ
rad | Fac
tʃatʃ | Ðar
sa | A
ra | Caj
tʃak | Cab
gas | Gog
tʃas | Gaf
rʊs | Car
mʊh | Gram
nadʒ | Cag
mav | Gash
ɛm | Ag
kʊg | Gid
rɪ | Kash
kag | Mam
ðar | Sac
gɪm | Gug
tað | Gef
fag | Gid
gag | Ðug
ɪr | Cag
gom | Lar
fom | Ðac
rʊd | Gol
ba | Dic
rʊð | Ðas
ɪf | Gun
no | Ru
fag | Ag
gal | Ag
rɪ | Gan
raɲ | Sa
gab | Goc
lal | Ag
gadʒ | Ñad
saz | Ag
ʒag | Gað
ʃɪv | Saz
tʃal | Añ
ðag | Gan
gag | Grav
grag | Gas
tʃa | Brig
tʃag | Guk
liəp | Cig
gaf | Ðial
ðar | Ðac
fas | Gag
ða | Bam
tʃotʃ | Uñ
sɪ | Gañ
kað | Gag
gag | Fam
a | God
ðag | Gak
atʃ | Vah
ɲʊz | Sag
af | Tap
atʃ | Eg
rad | Rag
ag | Niañ
ʃab | Ði
ag | Gað
sag | Seg
lar | Gag
katʃ | Rag
mab | Gac
ɲɪs | Bag
ag | Dar
atʃ | Gig
gradʒ | Foc
ðɪg | Rrar
gað | Fal
ðag | Gaf
rak | Gad
gʊr | Ðak
gag | Cag
gʊg | Giag
rʊʒ | Mias
or | Gas
tʃað | Dam
rag | Om
ad | Cak
gaz | Að
lag | Cash
fad | Mag
nag | Ñac
dad | Aj
faf | Gra
ga | Caf
tʃa | Car
kak | Cac
